Throughout my childhood, I didn't receive the love a child should have from his family.
I lost my father to alcoholism when I was very young.
And then my older brother committed suicide.
I had to raise myself.
Growing up, I was often beaten and I saw scenes of horrible violence.
As a result, I became a drug addict.
This loveless upbringing made me a very violent person,
unable to love and trust anyone.
I was depressed.
I couldn't have a normal, happy life like everyone else.
One night, Joseph came home, completely drunk.
He set the apartment on fire.
And in one night, we lost everything we had.
I had been studying the Bible for just a few months
when the sister gave me an envelope full of cash.
The local congregation wanted to help us buy
well, everything we had lost.
I thought it's incredible that people who don't even know me
can show such deep love and affection.
So I met with two brothers that same evening
and I asked them, can God really forgive my sins?
They showed me first Corinthians 6, 9 through 11.
At that moment, I realized that I could change.
I had found the truth.
With Joseph's help, I was able to give up drugs,
alcohol and cigarettes in three months.
Today, I'm a very happy man.
I have learned to trust people,
to become a loving husband and a caring father.
Despite my loveless upbringing,
Jehovah showed me that love never fails.